Polly-B-Gone README

LICENSE

This software is provided "as-is", without any express or implied
warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in
a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
appreciated but is not required.

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not
be misrepresented as being the original software.

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source
distribution.

THIRD-PARTY LIBRARIES

Polly-B-Gone uses the Simple DirectMedia Layer Library version 1.2.13,
which is distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public License version
2.1 or newer. Polly-B-Gone also uses SDL_image 1.2.7 and SDL_mixer 1.2.8
which are distributed under the same license. See:

  http://www.libsdl.org/
  http://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_image/
  http://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_mixer/

Polly-B-Gone uses TinyXML version 2.5.3, which is distributed under the
ZLib license, and is copyright 2006 Lee Thomason. See:

  http://www.grinninglizard.com/tinyxml/

THIRD-PARTY CONTENT

Texturama provided the textures for the ceramic, concrete, and drain
materials. These images are copyright XY3D, Texturama, and Eric Brian
Smith and may not be redistributed for any other purpose without the
permission of the copyright holders. The clover and ivy textures are
from the Blender for Architecture website and are distributed via the
Creative Commons Attribution License version 2.5.

  http://texturama.com/
  http://blender-archi.tuxfamily.org/

The MIDI files for the background music come from the "Very Best of GUS
MIDI" collection, which is available from the SDL_mixer website (see
above). According to the compilation author, "all of these MIDI files
are freely distributable, but most of them are copyrighted."

WEBSITE

For more on the game, please see:

  http://cs.stanford.edu/people/mbostock/polly/

Copyright 2008 Mike Bostock
